hey everyone so the last Avenger makeup
is going to be on the Black Widow um I
didn't want to go for it and do like the
black usual black smokey eye of seeing
people doing for I just went for me
lasik black winged liner I'm just like
simple smokey eye and and then going to
do like a red lip so it's kind of looks
like that kind of like a fan but
opposite I'll kind of like so we're just
going to go ahead and get started with
it um first things first prime our eyes
as usual I'm just using Urban Decay
primer potion just all the way up to the
bribe luminous and then I'm going to be
using my Urban Decay Book of Shadows for
today the colors are going to be using
is missionary bust lost and scamp just
so I don't have to like you've shown you
like what colors and stuff from using so
i'm going to put um missionary all over
the lid
so like that so it gives like a nice
like wash of shimmer color on your lid
and then getting to the crease with the
bust color it's kind of like a topi
shimmery brown color just to give some
definition
it was like a really simple eye makeup
like you could even just like instead of
doing the winged liner with up just were
with like the simple colors just better
mascara and good to go for like work or
anything so I'm going to take the color
loss which is the Brian color and this
is going to go on the outer corner
and taking that same brush I use the
apply missionary I'm just going to buff
over that um loss just so it's nicely
blended in together so like that I'm
taking a clean brush gonna take the
color scamp which is just like the it's
like a nice white shimmery color kind of
thing oh this is good on our highlight
and like I don't know what's wrong with
me so just like that for my colors I'm
going to line my lower waterline with
the UM zero pencil
go into the inner corner
and then going to smudge a bit of the
last color again on my am lower lashline
just their kind of smoky look I believe
it are we time it a full lid here okay
so I'm using some gel liner today for my
wing and the 1i have this from
collection 2000 it's just the black
stuff it's really really good so I'm
taking out on just a fine liner brush
and we're going to start by creating our
winged cat eye
so just like that for ice there's really
like fun bombshell kinase and say when I
apply some mascara and lashes um Skye I
need since just benefit bad girl that's
my favorite mascara look up
and then for our lashes I'm just using
those natural ones that i have in a
couple of mylar videos um the ones that
i got off ebay we're just going to apply
some glue these and apply them to your
arm
I'm sure you're all wondering what I did
to my hair I bleached it um on Monday
I'd like all died all the ends of imma
have to get it all cut short so bit of a
change but anyway and so yeah I gotta go
ahead and just do the lips before I
apply the lashes and because i wanted i
keep it in with I kind of like the Black
Widow thing because jars like red hair
and then just like how often like the
winged can i'm going to apply some red
lipstick and the 1 i'm just using is max
Ruby Roy
like back to your lips I'm going to
apply those false lashes and circulate a
key
so that's really it for the Black Widow
me a copy just thought it would go for
something different rather than the
usual black black counter and smokey eye
and just go for like basically like a
bombshell kinda make that Blake for it
and so yeah I hope you enjoyed this
series and had so much fun dinner
because I like love the Avengers and all
that good stuff so i'll be getting back
to like normal tutorials from next week
so thank you all watch for watching and
subscribing and I'll talk to y'all soon
bye